Comment Open-End: What is the primary reason behind the rating you provided?
"The account managers (Zita, specifically) are so helpful and we value the feedback we receive from the survey!"
"I really love seeing the surveys and the fact that you told us a little sooner this year if we won the best of staffing, that was great. The only reason I didn't give a 10 is because we no longer have access to buy the logos. Now we have to purchase a large package to have access to the logos.  I really liked Zita, our rep this year. she was very helpful and easy to work with."
Easy to use feature for gathering information from clients and employees
Zita was proactive with all the communication.
Zita's help and follow up were amazing. We liked having data integrate to Bullhorn.  The survey process was without issue.
Excellent pursuit and implementation teams. Turn key process.
Excellent service and great feedback - easy to work with them.
Always room for improvement.
Excellent support from Lauren and team! Always willing to go above and beyond.
Lauren! She's always available to answer any of my questions and helps make it as smooth of a process as possible.
Great experience! Always had quick responses to any questions and quick fixes to any issues!
very organized
"The service is extraordinary at Clearly Rated as are the people we work with. Knowledgeable, helpful, fun and quick to respond. We could not ask for more."
They provide high touch service.
Zita is fantastic!! so very helpful! Always responsive and supportive throughout the entire process. It is truly a pleasure to work with her and the entire Clearlyrated team.
It's easy and there is a big support team if you have trouble.
We find that the survey provides good insight into the Sterling talent experience. Where we hit it out of the park and where we may fall short for employees.
"Customer service. Lauren has been great to work with. She is attentive, supportive and really goes out of her way to assist with whatever the request might be. ClearlyRated has been a great partner through this last survey and the previous ones as well. Looking forward to 2020 and the next surveys!"
Ryen has been very responsive and great to work with!
My experience with Clearly Rated and especially Emilie has been so positive and thorough!
ClearlyRated was the most helpful and user-friendly option that I have worked with for wide scale surveys of our clients.
Ryen and the whole team is so easy to work with. Like the suppport we get for Marketing. Press Release and graphics. They make it simple. The survey it's self is great because we can see what clients are thinking. If we have someone who rates us low it's a wonderful way to make sure we can bring that up for next year. Client satisfaction is our top priority. Same for those that give us great reviews. We can make sure we are doing what we need to do.
Good communication. Easy to work with the account manager.
Because the entire team is awesome! Portal is a breeze to use and great communication and customer service :)
Great service and great customer service as well!
"B/c our rep, Zita, is involved and responsive to all questions.  She makes the process easy."
because you made it easy!
Service is exceptional always a quick response to any  enquiry. Plus the product is so easy to use and provides a great ROI
"They have a professional approach, provide great guidance and feedback and their expertise has been helpful in the betterment of our company and the service we provide to our clients."
"Excellent client service, started with Zita and continued throughout."
"Easy to use and understand, great reporting capabilities, great customer service."
It's a great way to get feedback - essentially we are being rated by the people we serve - clients and associates
Working with Emilie and the team was great. They were very responsive and flexible with our timeline. The communication was superb and kept me in the loop as to what was going on with the survey. Love that!
"Clearly Rated's customer service is top-notch and their industry expertise has helped our company measure, identify, and correct gaps in our own service offerings."
"Great open and honest communication, I knew my account rep had my back."
Easy to use platform that helps us identify areas to improve and resolve customer issues before they cost us business.
User friendly and easy for respondents.
The dashboard functionality is awesome. We added additional audiences to our survey this year and the filters made it really easy to separate the data.
Overall easy & great experience.
Great customer service
Both the survey process and outcome have been beneficial. The service provided has been excellent.
"Customer service, easy to use dashboard, known entity"
All of the data is captured in one space with easy review and notifications for any detractors. It is easy to separate the data per recruiter and salesperson for individual review and company review.
It gives you another connection to clients and talent where they may tell you something in the survey they wouldn't tell you F2F
"ClearlyRated made it very easy for us to touch our clients, see the feedback, and (soon) share our award!"
It is important to get feedback!
"Clearly Rated is easy, clear and off the charts effective."
Great customer support. This second year was a cinch and was very efficient and easy to get out based on doing it the year before.
Ease of process and great communication.
Clearlyrated is the gold standard
I respect the ClearlyRated product and your customer service is extraordinary.
The survey gave us good insight about how our employees and clients feel about our company and the account managers who are servicing them.
Emilie is always available to answer questions and help with my challenges. Our internal process for pulling lists isn't ideal; however Emilie always helps to make it less painful!
"First, the insight you receive regarding your organization and status is invaluable.  We have already started our training and action plans to help us move forward and continually improve our client and talent satisfaction levels.   In addition, the support and input received from the Clearly Rated team, like Zita, is just amazing!"
Great industry specific tool to gauge satisfaction. Fantastic customer support.
"I love everything about ClearlyRated! I love knowing our talent and clients' true feelings; I love reading the testimonials to the company every Monday morning; I love the pride of being in a Best of Staffing winning company. We have had two Account Managers, Liz Brown and Ryen Salo, and they have both been SO responsive and helpful."
"software was excellent, as well as any interpersonal interactions I had with the staff"
Good feedback for us and good recognition.
Lauren provided tremendous support and was quick to answer all of our questions that we had along the way.
There has been a dedicated commitment to improving the level of service and there has been a noticeable improvement over the past 3-4 months.
Great service and a helpful way to solicit and receive feedback.
We value ClearlyRated as a partner. We appreciate the high level of service and the overall responsiveness.
Zita - Customer Service
We love the customer service from the Clearly Rated team and the insight we get from our customers is invaluable.
"The process was very smooth. Our Clearly Rated contact was organized, on top of our schedule, and anticipated our needs."
"The data that we receive from our surveys is so beneficial to our operations.  We receive impeccable customer service from everyone at ClearlyRated.  Questions and requests are always answered timely and with a ""can do"" attitude."
"Phenomenal service (Shout out, Lauren!!) and an easy-to-use tech and process that gave us great insight and a favorable outcome."
Lauren still rocks!
Helpful staff- easy to use product
The ClearlyRated staff were extremely helpful and made it fairly easy to deploy the survey.
There is a lack of transparency. What does the average company get for an NPS? How % of users win?
"Close partnership in working with us on varying needs - flexibility, adaptability, value of the data, guidance on best practices, etc."
Lauren is great at answering all of our questions and providing recommendations based on our results. I do however think that reporting and the way that we would like to view the data is still not where it needs to be.
The process is streamlined and easy to use.
Ease of use of your system and responsiveness of your staff.
Great customer service
Pretty easy to work with and very helpful. You can tell alot of things are automated.
Great account manager and customer service team to support our survey. Easy to use and customizable platform.
Excellent service. I like the dashboard very much.
Satisfied with experience and support in implementing the survey.
Everything was clearly laid out with ample resources to read.
The process was mapped out and easy to follow.  Any time I had a question they were answered in a timely matter.
Emilie was great to work with.
Most helpful team I know!
Everyone I've had the pleasure of talking to in our engagement has been extremely helpful - no request too menial nor taxing!
Knowledge and willingness to help.
They've been extremely easy to work with. Lauren has been great!
Excellent Communication from the Team; and the tool is user friendly driving the results we need
Emilee was very quick to respond to any issues or questions and the process was well executed.
"Excellent service from our initial interaction with sales (Mike Karger) and our account rep (Zita).  They truly seem to care about each customer, make it easy to work with them and have great follow up."
"From what I have experienced so far, ClearlyRated has their process together! From the researched questions to the dashboard to the best practice suggestion, the entire program is well thought out."
"Ease of use, fantastic customer service and follow up from account rep!"
Lauren is an incredible partner! She always answers my questions thoroughly and provides perspective. Lauren is extremely knowledgeable about the NPS survey process and is a joy to work with!
They have EXCELLENT customer service--always SUPER quick to respond and resolve any and all issues/questions I have.
Clearly Rated has proven to be a partner we can count on. Any question or request is met with a timely and thorough response. I truly appreciate their partnership.
"Great company and people.  Consistent, wowing customer experience"
The survey gave us an insight on how we are viewed by our stakeholders. It allowed us to respond to their needs/concerns that we may have been failing to hear/address.
Great customer service
I'm a bit left in the dark. The process is not finished for me
"First, the tool was intuitive and easy to use.  As I am new to my company, it helped force developing one-source of truth for data collection.  I also liked the shout-out process as well as the detractor notification process.  It enabled us to act/respond quickly to better understand client dissatisfaction."
"The process of setting up the survey, conducting and results went smoothly. Great customer service and product."
"Useful feedback, great marketing tool, easy process."
We've experienced great benefits to our ClearlyRated partnership
"We had a great experience, and received some good feedback from our clients."
Process was very smooth and Emilie was great!
The ease of use and how clean the platform is.
We get feedback from our customers on how we can be serving them better. Even better we get shout outs that we can use as testimonials.
Zita is very responsive and tries her best to answer every question and fulfill every request.
I was very happy with the customer service. This was our first time doing a client survey with Clearly Rated and all my questions and concerns were always answered.
"Well, it's always Lauren!!!"
Accessibility and visibility into results.
very smooth and professional process
I'm pleased with the customer service and product.
"The team responsiveness at clearlyrated is one of the highest of all of our vendors.  They take the time to understand our business, our needs requirements, and what we are trying to accomplish."
The surveys provide valuable feedback to our team. The positive responses reaffirm our strong focus on customer service and any unfavorable responses allow us to address any issues that we may not have known about in a timely manner.
"service provided is great, results clear"
Great customer service and industry knowledge
"from what I know, you make it easy to participate."
We love getting the feedback from our clients and the Best of Staffing award is the added bonus!
Able to assist our customers and candidates better based on feedback from survey.  I'm proved our overall business performance.
You have great employees who are such incredibly helpful people.  You also send very nice emails.
Winning the award
Costumer service was provided at an above and beyond standard.
"Proactive, smart communications!"
"Organized, easy."
Lauren Peterson and Ryen Salo were very helpful during our client survey this year!
Great customer service!
Good feedback to get from your providers and clients
Very helpful!  Staff was great and responsive when we have questions.
Always great customer service and a unique and valuable award
"I don't think we have gotten much out of the surveys.  We were hoping for an outlet for clients to let us know things we can improve on and things they love that we should keep doing, but it seems like most clients don't participate. We also don't use the ""awards""."
We gain valuable data and insight on our clients and employees.
Easy with great results!
ClearlyRated provides good service and also provides good communication throughout the process.
They were very willing to work with us when there was a mix-up regarding our Best of Staffing Client Survey. Our account rep Zita is always very helpful in answering questions and working through any issues.
Good and simple way to measure our NPS on client satisfaction.
Execution is amazing
Ryan Salo’s customer Service
"Easy to work with, so great with assistance and help along the way, and a great output of results!"
Responsive
"I only work on a small part of our NPS survey. Most of my interactions are with our rep, Bridget Harper, and she is probably the single best vendor rep we work with. You never wait more than a few business hours for a response (at most), and is always going above and beyond to assist."
Zita provides exceptional customer service
Excellent service from ClearlyRated staff and strong value for our firm from participating in the ClearlyRated program.
"Service was excellent but there were some things in the program I would change, like the 3 point rating system Always-Sometimes-Never. I think it needs to be 5 point with ""usually"" and ""not often"" added. We even had a client say as much.
Additionally, I tried to find out how many participated and qualify some of the data on the clearly rated website and could not do that..."
"Customer service was great. Our account rep, Zita was timely and attentive to our needs. So fun to work with."
"your staff, especiallyZita Flaherty, is amazing to work with. She has helped me tremendously throughout the entire process from the preparation of the data to receiving the survey results. The survey results helped up tackle some issues that we were not aware of from the candidates' side and we have since came up with new ideas that would increase our candidates' satisfaction."
easy to prepare; customer service is phenomenal; see results immediately in an easy to use portal
Exceptional Service from Ryen
Clear communication
Zita is very easy to work with and kept us informed along the way.  We appreciate the info we get from our surveys to determine our strengths as well as identify areas of improvement.
"great, easy to use, robust reporting"
Create tool and great customer service.
"Responsive customer service, valuable product."
Great recognition for staffing companies!
ClearlyRated provides valuable insight into our reputation with associates and clients. It's easy to deploy and track. The cost is a little high. But the value of feedback and the prestige of the awards are great.
"Very professional, responsive, easy to navigate/use! Great customer service!"
Great product and service.
The recognition of quality by an independent source is beneficial to our marketing initiatives.
"Clearly Rated provided a simple, intuitive platform for us to manage our Voice of the Customer Survey."
ClearlyRated truly walks the walk and leads the way when it comes to client satisfaction. They are always going above and beyond to make their clients lives a little easier.
It was easy.
"It is very organized, clear and well-run."
Past experience and results
Very happy with the whole process.
"Bridget Harper. Oh, and I love seeing the experience our customers are having with our brand so we can improve. OH and Eric & Nathan are nerdy awesome, always looking for ways to improve, too. I like that."
"Concept is clear, easy to follow, great account manager."
Great partners - great service - overall the example of world class!
"The whole process was extremely easy, and our rep, Ryen is very responsive, so any questions we had along the way were answered quickly!"
Price and associated ROI.
Great service and support
Great process and amazing customer support!
It's very well run.
I’ve enjoyed working on this in the past and the information we find is invaluable.
"1. ClearlyRated's reputation in the marketplace.
2. ClearlyRated's integrity
3. ClearlyRated's account team (Props to Ryen Selo)
4. Clearly Rated's methodology
5. ClearlyRated's technology (dashboard, etc..)
6. ClearlyRated's marketing (both in-house and vendor consultation)"
Easy to participate
Because the survey provides our company with some great information and feedback.
The responsiveness of the Clearlyrated staff and the efficiency of the Best of Staffing campaign.
"There has been a switch over of Account Manager in the past year and several things have fallen through the cracks...such as our winning Best in Staffing.  Had I not followed up regarding Best in Staffing, we would not have been accredited Best in Staffing for Client and Talent because of how our contract was set up.  Oops.  I couldn't sit in on the announcement day and asked for the slides and confirm what I thought to be true that we would have made for both side based on our score only for there to be silence on the  other side.  After reviewing again, we were given Best in Staffing but it shouldn't be coming from me to tell you that we hit the gates.  This was a bit disappointing seeing as we pride ourselves on these surveys and our scores.

The second thing was that our Client Surveys for the second half of our contract were scheduled.  Once again, I was the one that brought this up and the response was that I was just going to email you on this...

Lauren had previously  managed our account and we were hyper serviced but I don't feel that same level of service since the transition.  

These are two pretty big things- not properly calculating our score for BoS and not scheduling properly a survey that has been pre paid for."
"It's a great way to get feedback from our clients and talent, which enables us to address any issues and improve our service to them. It's also a great honor to win the Best of Staffing award because it's awarded based on feedback from the people who actually work with us."
"Great customer service, easy to use platform."
The thoroughness of the Account Managers when communicating information to their client is incredible. Everything is detailed and leaves us with virtually no questions of what to except.
"The survey helped us improved our services and enhance our strengths. Winning the BOS increased the marketability of our brand. In the process, it helped us gain more clients."
"industry leader, good service"
"The process was fully supported, we had a great account manager and the awards marketing has been really easy to do."
"The process is so easy and the results are well worth the price. While it is a nice differentiator for us, it is also a massive morale boost to our employees during our busiest time of year."
The survey is easy and viable and respected
Survey methodology is concise yet informative. Clients respond well. The data and website are all easy to segment and analyze. Staff are proactive and very helpful.
Clearly Rated (Inavero) has been a strategic partner for year now and help us build out our Voice of the Customer program from the ground up. We are now able to get credit in the marketplace for our high level of service and efficiently identify and address gaps in service.
Everything ran smooth.
"easy to work with, great system"
"The data we get is invaluable to learning and growing to better serve our customers.  I'd be flying blind without it.  Plus, Ryen is a rockstar."
The process was easy to understand.  The system and process was very efficient and the staff very helpful.   The knowledge gain during the process is very useful and feedback motivating for our entire team!
"I went into this somewhat skeptical. However, I was very pleasantly surprised with how professional, organized, and on top of things everyone is at Clearly Rated. Plus, the system itself is well designed, easy to use, and very informative. Very well done all the way around."
It was easy!  Love the format and I love that ClearlyRated does all the work for us.
"The process and support is flawless and the overall results are invaluable to growing a business.   First, you get the ability to find strength and areas that need improvement.  WE are able to act on negative or neutral feedback and turn it into a positive before it affects our reputation.  Also, it helps us stay in touch with our assignment employees and clients.  Finally, the marketing potential for winning is invaluable."
It is great recognition and wonderful to get candid feedback fro our staff.
Ryen and the people at Inavero make it very easy to work with them. We love having a fresh batch of testimonials every year as well as the opportunity to win the Best in Accounting award.
"Front-line feedback is so valuable. It helps us know what we're doing well and where we need to improve. ClearlyRated makes the process easy, and the online tools and resources are top-notch."
Great customer support and process! Credible survey results
ClealyRated account managers are with you every step of the way. The platform allows for simple record keeping and reporting.
The customer service is awesome. I always hear back from you quickly when I have a question and the communication is great. The staff at ClearlyRated goes above and beyond to help with anything that comes up throughout the process.
Very easy and informative
"I am pleased with the assistance provided to us. First of all, a shout out for Zita who provided support throughout the life of the project. She kept us informed and on track throughout, and was always very prompt in getting back to us. Her cheerful personality made it a pleasure to work with her. There are a few areas that could be improved. Please see following response."
Great working with you.
The level of service is outstanding!
"Great staff, easy to use surveys, awesome turnaround"
I've really enjoyed the hands-on service that we received. Zita has been responsive and helpful and it's generally been a good experience.
Our experience using Inavero provided valuable feedback on a very specific level and also gave us a great gauge on our overall performance from our clients' viewpoint.
"Very pleasant, helpful, and great customer service!!  Zita is great!!"
"The product worked as explained during the vetting process, clear communication from Ryen leading up to the survey release and a simple, clear dashboard of results."
System works well.
Inavero is an easy application and captures the important information.  The ability to customize is very important.  The response time we receive from Ryen has been great!
We get such great support from Bridget and the inavero team!
"The personal service (Zita! Mike!), quick response, and the product itself. I also was extremely impressed that when we had an issue, the CEO personally got involved and rectified same-day."
"Client focus, flexibility, responsiveness"
great product and excellent communication.